vim:tw=80:ft=text:ai

Business::KontoCheck version 2.98 (3.0 beta 7)
==============================================

This module checks the validity of German and Austrian Bank Account Numbers.
All currently defined test methods by Deutsche Bundesbank (currently: 00 to
D3, January 2008) are implemented.

The Österreichische Bundesbank uses a quite different approach. The basic
tests are more generic; the concrete tests are described by the hash file,
which is sold by First Data Austria, Wien. Specifications may be downloaded
from http://www.firstdata.at/de/service/downloads.htm.

The original library is a C library; the Perl port was build using the h2xs
tool.

Due to performance considerations in the C library, this module was not thread
safe in the last versions. But since KontoCheck is *very* fast and it's not a
great speed loss, I've implemented a thread safe version; this is the first beta
release of the new version.

If you want support only for german or only for austrian Bank Account Numbers,
edit line 15 of Makefile.PL. To use only the german module, use
-DINCLUDE_KONTO_CHECK_AT=0, to use only the austrian module, use
-DINCLUDE_KONTO_CHECK_DE=0.

A longer description and the history file are included as 00liesmich.txt and
0_history.txt (both in german). The C library is available from
http://www.informatik.hs-mannheim.de/konto_check


DOCUMENTATION

The C source code contains the description of each check method. A synopsis and
short description of (most) export functions is included in the file
lib/Business/KontoCheck.pm; this is can be read after installation using the
command "perldoc Businesss::KontoCheck".


INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

(you need to be root for the last step)


DEPENDENCIES

This module requires a C compiler to build the library.


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2007-2009 by Michael Plugge

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.8 or, at your option,
any later version of Perl 5 you may have available (Perl and glue part).

The C library is covered by the GNU Lesser General Public License.
